## Structure of the Memory Reports

The reports generated by the application exporting service are split by Stores
and ActivePivots.

Store statistics are exported in files prefixed by `store_` or
`MultiVersionStore_` depending on the number of exported epochs, and are named
after the corresponding stores. ActivePivot statistics are exported in files
prefixed by `pivot_` or `MultiVersionPivot_` and are named after the
corresponding ActivePivot ids.

Each statistic file is a .json file regrouping the different structures that
consume memory, that can then be parsed by MAC when doing an analysis.

Exported files are compressed using
[Snappy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snappy_(compression)), indicated by the
`.sz` file extension suffix.

For example, an export of the sandbox application will produce the following
files:

* pivot_EquityDerivativesCubeDist.json.sz
* pivot_EquityDerivativesCube.json.sz
* store_City.json.sz
* store_CounterParty.json.sz
* store_Desk.json.sz
* store_Forex.json.sz
* store_Parameters.json.sz
* store_Product.json.sz
* store_Risk.json.sz
* store_Trade.json.sz

> Each file contains all the information for a complete loading in the MAC
> application.
> 
> Therefore, it is possible to only import the reports for one ActivePivot or a
> selection of stores.

## Decompressing Statistics Files

In case you do not have direct access to a snappy decompression tool, MAC ships
with a decompressing utility that can be used if the contents of the statistics
need to be looked at.

Run `mvn exec:java@unsnappy -Dunsnappy.file=<path/to/your/file/or/directory>` to
extract the contents of the specified file or directory.
